---
title: Julia
allDay: false
startTime: 12:00
endTime: 13:00
completed: null
date: 2023-05-14
Status:
  - Had
  - Paid
Money: 1100
---
#Julia
#todo 
#### 14.05.23 Julia Crime UNPREPARED
- [ ] Revised the 7A voc builder: weather

- Vocabulary: 
	- the main problem with prisons is that
	- put too much emphasis on...
	- pay atention to sth
	- involvement in
	- addiction to
	- ban on
	- access to
	- damage to
	- anger about
	- recipe for 
	- a big 
	- decrease in
	- awareness of
- Quizlet:
	- 1. Police have arrested a leading politician for his [involvement in] a corruption scandal. 
	- The singer Manny Biggs has admitted himself into a rehabilitation centre for treatment for his [addiction to] drugs and alcohol. 
	- The government is considering a complete [ban on] the ownership of guns. 
	- Better [access to] the internet could help solve many of the problems that currently affect the third world. 
	- The demonstration against rising prices of water turned into a riot, resulting in widespread [ damage to ]cars and buildings. 
	- There has been some [anger about] the police handling of the incident last week in which a man was shot. 
	- Can you give me the [recipe for] that soup you made? 
	- There’s actually been a big [decrease in] the incidence of street crime over the last few years. 
	- Nowadays, there’s much greater [awareness of ]the need for recycling and energy conservation. 
	- I have tremendous _respect for_ the police and  the work they do.
	- The government are running the [risk of making]  things worse if they’re not careful.
	- I don’t have a [problem with being] stopped and searched, if the police think they need to do it. 
	- There’s [/no point in worrying/no point worrying] too much about becoming the victim of crime.
	- Prisoners have [no hope of escaping] from here. 
	- Many police officers have [no experience of dealing] riots. 
	- There’s been an [increase in the reporting] of hate crimes. 
	- The government has rejected the [proposal to increase ] the amount of police funding.  
- Do speakinfg