---
title: Nikita
allDay: false
startTime: 20:00
endTime: 21:00
completed: null
date: 2023-05-16
Money: 1100
Status:
  - Had
  - Paid
---
#Nikita 

- [ ] Homework: Do FULL EGE on reshu ege + Svetlana English online + Do ProgressMe Do this little exercise: https://wordwall.net/play/56397/669/829

In all eras, people needed a rest out of their work. During the work day people get stressful and tired so they need to have any activity at their leisure time. As part of my project, I have found a pie chart with some information on this problem. In this essay I am going to comment on the data and give my opinion on the subject of my project. 
According to the data in the pie chart more the half of interviewees choice a watching TV to relax. (58%) Reading a book is the second most popular choice with 14% choosing it. 
Twice as many respondents choice to read a book than playing computer games. (15% and 9%)  In my opinion, the cause of it that computer games are not popular for adults. However, comparing the data given in the bar chart, it becomes obvious that watching TV is more popular than reading a book. (58% and 15%) It is not surprising because watching TV is quite easier than reading.

Dear Peter,
Thanks for your recent message. I'm sorry I haven't answered earlier because I was busy at school.
In your email message you asked me about reading and my leisure time. If you ask me, reading is extremely important for me. Reading develops imagination and add something new to your knowledge. I prefer to hand out with my friend at my leisure time. I would say that my parents support me at my hobbies and interests because they are sure that it makes me better.
By the way, I wanted to ask you some questions about your father’s birthday. How old is your father? Where was a celebration? Did you gave something to your father?
Anyway, I have to go now because I need to prepare for exams.
Hope to hear from you soon.
Best wishes,
Nikita