---
title: Julia
allDay: false
startTime: 20:00
endTime: 21:00
date: 2023-06-04
completed: null
---
#Julia 
#OutcomesUI

## U9 Overview: 

• describe good and bad aspects of working life 
• explain your feelings about the future 
• talk about education and starting work 
• give better presentations 


## U9A Overview:

==Students will listen to people talking about their working lives; they will practise using conditional forms to talk about their working futures.==

Grammar: 
	**a** **If I ask** about doing other stuff, **he** just **tells** me to be patient.  
	**b** **If it's** that bad, maybe **you should think about** handing in your notice.  
	**c** **It might get** better **if I** just **give** it a bit more time.  
	**d** **If the worst comes to the worst, I'll end up** knocking on the door of your office.
Unit Vocab:
	**1** I got promoted.  
	**2** I handed in my notice last week.  
	**3** I got a pay rise last month.  
	**4** I'm getting on-the-job training.  
	**5** I actually got made redundant last month.  
	**6** I'm slowly getting the hang of everything.  
	**7** I'm struggling to cope, to be honest.  
	**8** My boss never delegates responsibility to the rest of the team.  
	**9** I'm finding it very rewarding.  
	**10** It's really stimulating. I feel I'm really stretching myself.  
	**11** I'm finding it quite emotionally draining.  
	**12** The work is pretty menial most of the time.

Emergent Vocab:
	identify the species on-the-spot
	I stand behind a counter
	undergo training
	


- [x] **U9 Intro:** Discuss work
- [x] **Vocabulary:** words and expressions to describe aspects of people’s working life
- [x] **Listening:**  practice in listening for general and specific understanding;
- [ ] **Grammar:** conditionals with present tenses
- [ ] **Developing conversations:** feelings about the future
- [ ] **Conversation practice:** freer practice of vocab and grammar
- [ ] **Video:** use it at the end of U9
